Feature/volume-control (#4)
tbowmo/chromecastcontrol: README.md

  * will be used for the currently running app (netflix, spotify, hbo, tidal etc).
* <MQTT_ROOT>/<FRIENDLY_NAME>/state
  * will be used for the current activity state (playing, paused, buffering)
* <MQTT_ROOT>/<FRIENDLY_NAME>/volume

>   * will be used for the current volume level (a decimal value between 0 and 1)

Reviewer: Not to be nitpicking, but perhaps the documentation should be updated as well? ;) I'll merge once this is updated
```suggestion
  * will be used for the current volume level (an integer value between 0 and 100)
```

if you want to start playing a new media, then you can use the endpoint `<root topic>/cast/control/play`, send the URL for your media as payload

> if you want to set the volume, then you can use the endpoint `<MQTT_ROOT>/friendly_name/control/volume`, send a value between 0 and 1 as the payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you want to set the volume, then you can use the endpoint `<MQTT_ROOT>/friendly_name/control/volume`, send a value between 0 and 100 as the payload
```

Author: Ah, good catch - will push an update for the docs.
